Canonical is a leading provider of open source software and operating systems to the global enterprise and technology markets. Our platform, Ubuntu, is very widely used in breakthrough enterprise initiatives such as public cloud, data science, AI, engineering innovation, and IoT. Our customers include the world's leading public cloud and silicon providers, and industry leaders in many sectors. The company is a pioneer of global distributed collaboration, with 1200+ colleagues in 75+ countries and very few office-based roles. Teams meet two to four times yearly in person, in interesting locations around the world, to align on strategy and execution.

 The company is founder-led, profitable, and growing.

 Canonical is a remote-first global company that publishes Ubuntu and open-source enterprise solutions for cloud, developer, IoT and AI. Ubuntu is the fastest growing Linux distribution and ranks as the number #1 OS  in the cloud.

 In partnership with Google, Amazon, IBM and Microsoft, Canonical helps companies become more agile, productive and adopt new technologies faster. Examples of customer success include AI, Blockchain, IoT, Advanced Robotics and self-driving cars, where Ubuntu is the preferred development platform.

 The role of a Business Development Representative at Canonical 

 Canonical is profitable and growing. We consider our sales development organization to be the best technology sales academy in the market, and as such, we select exceptional and ambitious candidates to join our team. You will enjoy this role if you are organized, persistent, charismatic and hard-working. You will need to be interested in tech and its business implications. In this role, you will collaborate with a regional sales and marketing team, and your primary objective will be to find customer projects that fit our product lines and spread the good name of Canonical across multiple different industries and geographies.

  Click HERE to watch our SDR team discuss their role in Canonical

 The role entails 

 Execute outbound sales & marketing campaigns

 Research information about prospective customers and market trends 

 Generate high-quality leads for Senior Sellers to fuel a multi-million dollar pipeline

 Own and close SMB opportunities within your designated territory

 Collaborate across multiple teams and senior stakeholders to drive results 

 Help define the processes and policies for the team

 Travel to events and conferences worldwide, presenting on booths and driving face-to-face marketing and sales opportunities

 What we are looking for in you 

 Demonstrated success in SDR or outbound sales, with a track record of exceeding annual quotas and consistently driving qualified pipeline growth

 Experience navigating prospective accounts from and into a senior executive level to identify new customer opportunities

 Experience in enterprise software or technology sales

 Exceptional academic track record from both high school and university

 Passion for business and technology

 Commitment to continuous learning and improvement - curious, flexible, scientific

 Creative problem solving and cross team collaboration

 Professional written and spoken English with excellent presentation skills

 Verbal and written communication and negotiation skills 

 Result driven with an over-achiever spirit

 Persistence & perseverance

 Growth mindset - people from our team develop into all departments within the sales organization (Channel, IoT, Enterprise Sales, etc)

 Ability to travel internationally twice a year for company events up to two weeks long

 What we offer colleagues 

 We consider geographical location, experience, and performance in shaping compensation worldwide. We revisit compensation annually (and more often for graduates and associates) to ensure we recognize outstanding performance. In addition to base pay, we offer a performance-driven annual bonus or commission. We provide all team members with additional benefits which reflect our values and ideals. We balance our programs to meet local needs and ensure fairness globally.

 Distributed work environment with twice-yearly team sprints in person

 Personal learning and development budget of USD 2,000 per year

 Annual compensation review

 Recognition rewards

 Annual holiday leave

 Maternity and paternity leave

 Team Member Assistance Program & Wellness Platform

 Opportunity to travel to new locations to meet colleagues

 Priority Pass and travel upgrades for long-haul company events

 About Canonical 

 Canonical is a pioneering tech firm at the forefront of the global move to open source. As the company that publishes Ubuntu, one of the most important open-source projects and the platform for AI, IoT, and the cloud, we are changing the world of software. We recruit on a global basis and set a very high standard for people joining the company. We expect excellence; in order to succeed, we need to be the best at what we do. Most colleagues at Canonical have worked from home since our inception in 2004.​ Working here is a step into the future and will challenge you to think differently, work smarter, learn new skills, and raise your game.

 Canonical is an equal opportunity employer 

 We are proud to foster a workplace free from discrimination. Diversity of experience, perspectives, and background create a better work environment and better products. Whatever your identity, we will give your application fair consideration. 

 #LI-remote